Comgrass Overshoes, Cycling Gloves & Much More – Always Comfortable on the Move
The Comgrass team shares your passion for the outdoors. No matter where you are and no matter what the weather is like - from Danish winters to Mediterranean summers. The family-run company is well-known for its award-winning cycling accessories such as gloves, leg and arm warmers, socks, overshoes and caps. And the new collection of functional undershirts makes activity on the bike even more attractive.

Quality Cycling & Running Accessories from Denmark
Based in Scandinavia, founded by passionate cyclists and runners Martin, Kristian and Bjørn Krøyer, Comgrass makes sports more enjoyable in all conditions. No strangers to wind, rain and cold themselves, the people working at and with the brand know that the right gloves or overshoes can make all the difference. And when the sky turns blue and the sun comes out, arm warmers and caps keep you protected against UV radiation and too much light in your eyes. 
Expertise, Innovation & Teamwork for Your Run or Ride
Assorted professional athletes and local heroes pay attention to every detail. From temperature management and aerodynamics to reflecting overlays and just pure comfort. Comfort that also protects you against the elements and offers you wind and waterproof options when you need them. Comgrass constantly develops new and innovative technologies and products, such as the Award-winning IntelliSeal™ zipper-free overshoes Arctic and InsideGrip gloves. To be comfortable to strive for even higher performance. 
Finding Success in Comfort
Whether during a run or on a Road, Gravel, City or Mountain Bike, you will most definitely find the right accessories to make your trip or race a success. As did the young dutch superstar Mathieu van der Poel, when he won his second World Cyclocross Champion title in 2019 wearing Raptor gloves from Comgrass. Belgian racing cyclist Sanne Cant again defended her title in the World Cyclocross Championship in the elite category with Comgrass gloves. Victories like these are, of course, a welcome testimony and appreciation for the hard work put into every single product, but mostly a great encouragement and motivation to develop and create even better products.
Grabbing Feedback from Everyday Running & Cycling Heroes
To help them create the best gloves, overshoes, hats, undershirts, arm and leg warmers and socks as possible, Comgrass not only sponsors and works with professional athletes, but also supports ‘Local Heroes‘, which inspire others to be more active. By sharing their stories and listening to their ideas and wishes, Comgrass can learn more about the need of every individual in every environment and condition. The feedback they receive from their diverse crowd of costumers is regularly taken into account and is one of the many reasons why you can always expect the highest level of quality and functionality in each and every Comgrass product.



