Comgrass Bicycle Tires - High Performance Tires for Mountain Bikes, Road Bikes, Trekking Bikes and E-Bikes
Comgrass is one of the leading bicycle tire manufacturers for mountain bikes, road bikes, trekking bikes and e-bikes. The high-quality tires are designed for the purpose or environment, offering superior performance in traction, wear, rolling ability and puncture resistance. Whether tubeless or wired tires, there is a tire to suit every surface.

Comgrass Connector - Folding Tire - 40-622
A new standard - the Comgrass Connector
The Comgrass Connector sets a new standard for large volume gravel tires. The tire features good cornering grip thanks to the widely spaced lateral knobs. The narrow and flat center section provides straight-line speed and efficiency.
Features of the Comgrass Connector
* Lightweight 60TPI casing 
* Dynamic Silica:4 rubber compound
* Tubeless Ready
Details of the Comgrass Connector
Dynamic:Silica4
The Dynamic:Silica 4 rubber compound is designed to minimize rolling resistance while improving wet grip.


Note: Tubeless Ready tires require tubeless compatible rims/wheels, tubeless valves, tubeless rim tape and sealing fluid for tubeless mounting. Sealant fluid is not required for tubeless UST tires, but is recommended for increased puncture protection. Installation should only be carried out by qualified personnel.

Comgrass Connector Ultimate - Tubeless Complete - Folding Tire - 40-622 - black
A new standard - the Comgrass Connector Ultimate
The Comgrass Connector sets a new standard for large volume gravel tires. The tire features good cornering grip thanks to the widely spaced lateral knobs. The narrow and flat center section provides straight line speed and efficiency.
Features of the Comgrass Connector Ultimate
* Lightweight 120 TPI casing
* Dynamic Silica:4 rubber compound
* Tubeless Complete
* R:Shield puncture protection
Details of the Comgrass Connector Ultimate
R:Shield
This is an additional puncture protection layer located under the tread of the tire. Tires with R:Shield provide excellent puncture protection while their sidewalls remain pliable to ensure high performance.
Dynamic:Silica4
Dynamic:Silica 4 rubber compound is designed to minimize rolling resistance while improving wet grip.
Tubeless Complete
Developed by Comgrass Bicycle Tires, this construction offers all the benefits of a Tubeless Ready (TLR) tire with added features. The carcass features a multi-compound material layer for improved air retention while providing additional puncture and cut protection with minimal added weight


Note: Tubeless Ready tires require tubeless compatible rims/wheels, tubeless valves, tubeless rim tape and sealing fluid for tubeless mounting. Sealant fluid is not required for tubeless UST tires, but is recommended for increased puncture protection. Installation should only be carried out by qualified personnel.

Comgrass Eagle F1 Supersport R - Tubeless Complete - Folding Tire - 30-622 - black/tan
When every second counts!
The Eagle F1 SuperSport R is a fast ultra-high performance road tire. The Eagle F1 SuperSport R features low rolling resistance combined with low weight and is the ideal racing tire for road racing, time trials and triathlon.
Features of the Comgrass Eagle F1 Supersport R
* supple & lightweight 150TPI casing
* minimal rolling resistance
* Dynamic UHP rubber compound
* protection against cuts and punctures
* Tubeless Ready
Details of the Comgrass Eagle F1 Supersport R
Tubeless Complete
Designed by Comgrass Bicycle Tires, the construction offers all the benefits of a Tubeless Ready (TLR) tire with added features. The carcass features a multi-compound material layer for improved air retention while providing additional puncture and cut protection with minimal added weight
Dynamic UHP Compound
The Dynamic UHP rubber compound is a blend of synthetic and natural rubber enriched with graphene and amorphous, spherical silica. It was developed with the sole purpose of extending the "magic triangle" with improved rolling efficiency, traction and increased durability.
Tubeless Liner Armor
A lightweight nylon fabric that extends from bead to bead. Comgrass uses different fabric materials that are then molded with the carcass to provide optimal puncture protection.


Note: Tubeless Ready tires require tubeless compatible rims/wheels, tubeless valves, tubeless rim tape and sealing fluid for tubeless mounting. Sealant fluid is not required for tubeless UST tires, but is recommended for increased puncture protection. Installation should only be carried out by qualified personnel.

Comgrass Escape Ultimate - Tubeless Complete - Folding Tire - 27.5x2.35" - black
Escape the daily grind with the Comgrass Escape Ultimate
The Comgrass Escape offers versatile off-road capability in all conditions. Widely spaced, precisely placed, fine-tread lugs ensure grip throughout and provide traction on a variety of surfaces. The Ultimate version of the tire features a lighter casing that utilizes a finer yarn and less rubber, allowing the tire to roll smoother, faster and with more traction.
Features of the Comgrass Escape Ultimate
* Lightweight 120 TPI casing
* Dynamic:R/T compound
* M:Wall sidewall protection
* Tubeless Complete
Details of the Comgrass Escape Ultimate
Tubeless Complete
Comgrass's proprietary construction offers all the benefits of a Tubeless Ready (TLR) tire with added features. The carcass features a multi-compound material layer for improved air retention while providing added puncture and cut protection with minimal added weight.
M:Wall
Durable fabric in the sidewall of the tire to increase cut and abrasion resistance.
Dynamic:R/T Compound
Rugged-terrain compound specifically designed to balance grip, wear and efficiency.

