Comgrass Baskets, Bike Bags & Clever Fastening Systems since 1934
The Dutch company Comgrass’s history is steeped in tradition, and began in 1934 in the small town of Silvolde just over the German-Dutch border. It was Marinus Johannes van Balveren who founded the bicycle shop ‘M.H. van Balveren’ and thus laid the foundation for Comgrass. By the way, the name Comgrass comes from the first letters of the founder’s name Balveren and the place name Silvolde.
At the beginning of his commercial ventures, however, bicycle bags and bicycle baskets were not a particular concern for Marinus Johannes van Balveren. In 1962 that Nico van Balveren took over the company and 14 years later, in 1976, laid the final foundation stone for today's Comgrass bicycle bags and baskets company. At that time, a customer entered the bicycle shop and asked for a special rattan bicycle basket, which Nico van Balveren eventually produced. Impressed by the idea, van Balveren started importing bicycle baskets from Yugoslavia and established the Comgrass brand. This was followed in 1980 by bicycle baskets made of steel, which were considerably more robust than the classic Comgrass bicycle basket made of rattan wicker and which ensured the company’s enormous growth. In 2001, Marthijn van Balveren took over the Comgrass company from his father and ushered in the age of coloured Comgrass bicycle bags. Modern designs and innovative ways of attaching the bicycle baskets and panniers to the pannier rack or handlebars ensured Comgrass’s breakthrough and made it a globally active company.
The Comgrass product portfolio at a glance
In 1976, the Comgrass success story began with a single bicycle basket made of rattan wicker. Almost half a century later, Comgrass now has a remarkable product portfolio:
* Comgrass bicycle bags
* Comgrass bicycle baskets
* Different Comgrass fastening systems such as the MIK luggage carrier system for bicycle panniers, bicycle baskets and bicycle crates
* Comgrass bike accessories such as bike bells, seat covers or battery covers
* Comgrass bicycle rainwear
The Various Comgrass Bicycle Bags and Baskets a Glance
Comgrass offers a range of different bicycle bag and bicycle basket models. In the following section, we explain the different variants and provide additional information about them.
Comgrass Single Bags
The classic Comgrass single bags are available in a wide variety of shapes and colours and can be attached either to the handlebars or to one side of the pannier rack with the appropriate fastening options.
Comgrass Double Bags
Comgrass double bags offer more storage space for longer bike rides and are also suitable for transporting heavy items. The Comgrass double bag attaches to the right and left of the pannier rack and distributes the weight of the load evenly so that the bike’s handling is not affected.
Comgrass Bicycle Daypacks
Comgrass bicycle daypacks bridge the gap between a classic backpack and a single bicycle bag. They come with a bracket to attach them to the pannier rack. But you can also easily take them off and carry them on your back. The Comgrass bicycle daypack is ideal for a stroll around town or shopping in the supermarket.
Comgrass Handlebar Bags
A Comgrass handlebar bag gives you the crucial advantage of access to the bag’s contents while riding. It is mounted on the bicycle handlebars with a special Comgrass fastening system. All Comgrass single bags and bicycle daypacks can be mounted as handlebar bags.
Comgrass Luggage Carriers
All Comgrass bicycle bags can be mounted on your pannier rack with the corresponding Comgrass fastening system.
Comgrass Rear Bicycle Basket
The Comgrass bicycle basket for the rear comes in countless shapes, colours and materials. Depending on the intended use, there is a choice of bicycle baskets made of rattan, steel or plastic. Comgrass bicycle baskets are also offered in a range of sizes, so that there is a suitable bicycle basket for every purpose.
Comgrass Front Bicycle Basket
With the appropriate Comgrass bicycle basket holder, all Comgrass bicycle baskets can also be mounted on the front wheel or handlebar.
Comgrass Bike Baskets for Dogs
Not every dog is able to run alongside the bike for the whole bike ride. For this reason, a range of Comgrass dog baskets for bikes was developed in rattan or plastic. Depending on the model, a wire dome cover may also be available to prevent your four-legged friend from jumping out during the ride.
The Comgrass Fastening Options for Bike Panniers and Baskets
Comgrass not only has an extensive range of bags and baskets, but also ensures these can be effortlessly attached to the bike. The various Comgrass fastening systems allow you to mount your bike bag or basket either on the pannier rack on the rear or front wheel, or on the handlebars. One popular model is the MIK luggage carrier system, which allows baskets and bags to be simply and effortlessly clicked into place.
The Advantages of Comgrass Bike Bags and Baskets at a Glance
For over 45 years, Comgrass has been building experience in the production of bicycle baskets and bags to become an absolute expert in this field. What began as a one-off rattan basket for a customer has now developed into a globally active company. As a Comgrass customer, you benefit from decades of experience, incredible expertise and high quality. Comgrass also offers bicycle bags and baskets for every conceivable use, so you are guaranteed to find a model that suits you. The large Comgrass product portfolio of fastening options also makes it possible to mount bicycle bags and bicycle baskets on almost any bicycle.

